So well can start working with these Shub like the worry section you can see that we have these and
we're going to perform some changes.
We're going to study these look like this one.
You can see that we need to remove somebody who is very good to the Madigan's are smaller.
They just had on call or have the separate or acute on the bottom and we need to remove the show by
category.
There is a lot of work we're going to finish this in this video.
So we're going to remove the the grayscale.
That was the example that I had developed on it to show you that you can make changes in the SS in the
way of changes that this is going to reflect in your website.
We're going to remove this part right here.
So reload and you can see that hasn't been made these.
And when I retune these what are one or more needed greyscale.
What are these.
What do I remove out so that rotate but instead of and rotate.
And when I change from rotate the wrist.
And what are going to remove these zero degrees.
I want to get at one point.
Wayne says he's going to increase only 10 percent.
So what is going on.
Relo Raheen
Yeah we need all of these hands on
we need to remove these in this case should be in the harbor and what are going out or more of these
as well.
Yes and then this should be a call of the final call.
So
relo and you can see that we have these mild scale recovery here.
So you can make these be if you want 1.2 or something like that.
The you are much you want to increase when you were in my case at one point.
Is fine.
So next we're not going to remove the margin that we have received.
And I'm going to add and Malcolm and Reihan Salam page glories and rationing going to inspect these.
So you can see whether they call this electorate wanting to write this case we're going to target these
ally that we have here.
And if it can really be selected by the ONLY of that we need is a part of that is even black.
So we're going to select everything from here to here.
We're going to copy the selector bases and then we're going out with 3.3 percent then we're going to
float to the left in a Madigan's ride of 0.5 percent then what we're going to base again and what we're
not there yet.
Rokita when we had 100 percent save encloses RIDO and then you can see this is looking better as a matter
of margin but we need to see if we have to on the top run on the bottom or going changes to the 3 percent
sort of below.
And you can see this is looking better.
Of course this looks a little weird because you can see if we had the 3 percent and then we have a margin
rate of 0.5 if we inspect these.
The last item is when you will find that the last item you can see here on the stage.
The last item has these Madian ratios so we can deal with the three and we have three categories right
here.
So this is going to be 99 percent.
And then are in point fight in these two images.
So that's going to be 100 percent in the case of the last one is the Mariinsky or so that's nice I think.
You need to remove the mike and then when I beg these hane.
You can see this in section title but we need to study at one level up which is the sections we're going
to copy this class and write to
maybe this one.
The second sector is going to be fine.
Sputtered from both categories and then we can envisage those who are going out to write you were going
to display non say these and relo and then you can see that we get rid of that title but we're missing
that so that the category is right on the bottom.
We thought the glass full of H-2 same way.
Section title is going to be this like the sort of relo And I you can see get rid of the part on the
top but we have these stood up on the bottom.
So if should take a look here.
We need to style these what are going to see what classes is applied right here you can see it's called
combers.
Look at the titles.
We're going to isolate that and we're already cabbie's.
You can see on the table we have this edge to sort of get out of a coma H-2.
And then we and then we base that combers slope category titles which are going at a low immediately
after right after.
So relo is looking better and of course you can play with these values to make them bigger if you want.
You can add something like an edge to comer's.
Look at retitling where going out you can see that we have this size right here 1.1 1 and so we got
something like font size 1 point 2 m to make this a little bigger.
When playing for him
looks like this not picking the Assis Yet thing we need to write a much more specific selector right
here.
So we're going to copy everything from here.
And page right here.
So now you can save these and.
Something like that.
I like it.
I really like the size.
So this is looking really really nice.
My opinion and I you can see that we have these as these nice effect we have this is that then this
is looking great.
So let's continue working in the next week and you can see that I skipped the section where we're going
to skip these and where when I instead of reading advance because one feels better we're going to continue
developing these.
We're going to continue working with some not the.
We're going to continue working with some more.
Nate the goal that commerce provides and I'm going to show you these play brother looks and this description
from a specific category in the next video.